README.md, before:

# AI Powered Apps

This repository contains a collection of AI-powered applications designed to solve various real-world problems. Each application leverages advanced AI models and frameworks to deliver intelligent solutions.

## Applications

1. **Work Instruction Generator**
   - Generates detailed work instructions for automotive manufacturing tasks.

2. **Meeting Summarizer**
   - Summarizes meeting transcripts and extracts key points.

3. **Itinerary Planner**
   - Creates optimized travel itineraries based on user input.

4. **Resume Generator**
   - Generates professional resumes using AI.

5. **Logistics Classifier**
   - Classifies and analyzes logistics data for better decision-making.

## Structure

Each application is self-contained with its own dependencies and documentation. Navigate to the respective folders for more details:

- `Work_Instruction_Generator/`
- `Meeting_Summarizer/`
- `Itinerary_Planner/`
- `Resume_Generator/`
- `Logistics_Classifier/`

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dukeent/AI_Powered_Apps.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the desired application folder and follow the setup instructions in its `README.md`.

## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---

**Built with ❤️ by Duke**

Commit message:

docs: Update README with Text-to-Speech Generator

README.md, after:

# AI Powered Apps

This repository contains a collection of AI-powered applications designed to solve various real-world problems. Each application leverages advanced AI models and frameworks to deliver intelligent solutions.

## Applications

1. **Work Instruction Generator**
   - Generates detailed work instructions for automotive manufacturing tasks.

2. **Meeting Summarizer**
   - Summarizes meeting transcripts and extracts key points.

3. **Itinerary Planner**
   - Creates optimized travel itineraries based on user input.

4. **Resume Generator**
   - Generates professional resumes using AI.

5. **Logistics Classifier**
   - Classifies and analyzes logistics data for better decision-making.

6. **Text-to-Speech Generator**
   - Converts text to natural-sounding speech using Hugging Face models.
   - Supports multiple languages including Vietnamese and English.

## Structure

Each application is self-contained with its own dependencies and documentation. Navigate to the respective folders for more details:

- `Work_Instruction_Generator/`
- `Meeting_Summarizer/`
- `Itinerary_Planner/`
- `Resume_Generator/`
- `Logistics_Classifier/`
- `Text_To_Speech_Generator/`

## Setup

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dukeent/AI_Powered_Apps.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the desired application folder and follow the setup instructions in its `README.md`.

## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for details.

---

**Built with ❤️ by Duke**
